104 introduce best practices document (#146)
International-Data-Spaces-Association/ids-specification: best.practices/README.md

## Abstract

This document presents best practices for the usage of the Dataspace Protocol.

## Status of this document

The Best Practices are created and published by the International Data Spaces Association and are not considered to be normative. The specification of the Dataspace Protocol itself is normative. As well as sections marked as non-normative, all authoring guidelines, diagrams, examples, and notes in this specification are non-normative.

The key words *MAY*, *MUST*, and *MUST NOT* in this document are to be interpreted as described in [RFC2119](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2119) and [RFC8174](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8174) when, and only when, they appear in all capitals, as shown here.

## Introduction

The [***Dataspace Protocol***](../README.md) is a set of specifications designed to facilitate interoperable data sharing between entities governed by usage control and based on Web technologies. These specifications
define the schemas and protocols required for entities to publish data, negotiate usage agreements, and access data as part of a federation of technical systems termed a
***dataspace***.

> The Dataspace Protocol is under development and the working group is active on this draft, reviewed and improved the content multiple times. During the process several aspects were discussed, which are not considered relevant for the specification itself, but important to be documented as support for the users of this specification as best practices. The in this document are non-normative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dataspace Protocol is under development and the working group is active on this draft, reviewed and improved the content multiple times. During the process several aspects were discussed, which are not considered part of the normative specification, but important to be documented as support for the users of this specification as best practices. The in this document are non-normative.
```
Well, they are relevant, but not part. Maybe rephrase?

> The Dataspace Protocol is under development and the working group is active on this draft, reviewed and improved the content multiple times. During the process several aspects were discussed, which are not considered relevant for the specification itself, but important to be documented as support for the users of this specification as best practices. The in this document are non-normative.

Reviewer: The last sentence is missing a word
